Release Note for TELCODOCS-782 - workload partitioning (#58139)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/cnf-numa-aware-scheduling.adoc#cnf-about-numa-aware-scheduling_numa-aware[Scheduling NUMA-aware workloads].

[id="ocp-4-13-workload-partitioning"]

> ==== Workload partitioning

Author: Thanks - done

> You can use workload partitioning to isolate {product-title} services, cluster management workloads, and infrastructure pods to run on a reserved set of CPUs. Workload partitioning isolates user workloads from platform workloads using standard Kubernetes scheduling capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, workload partitioning was supported for {sno} clusters only.
Now, you can also configure workload partitioning for three-node compact clusters and standard clusters.
Use workload partitioning to isolate {product-title} services, cluster management workloads, and infrastructure pods to run on a reserved set of CPUs.
```

For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/cnf-numa-aware-scheduling.adoc#cnf-about-numa-aware-scheduling_numa-aware[Scheduling NUMA-aware workloads].

[id="ocp-4-13-ran-workload-partitioning-three-node-standard-node"]
==== Support for workload partitioning for three-node clusters and standard clusters 

> Previously, workload partitioning was supported for {sno} clusters only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before this update, workload partitioning was supported for {sno} clusters only.
```

Author: Thanks for the review @GroceryBoyJr
